Add new filter for empty fields (#979)
sonata-project/SonataDoctrineORMAdminBundle: docs/reference/filter_field_definition.rst

* ``Sonata\DoctrineORMAdminBundle\Filter\DateTimeFilter``: depends on the ``sonata_type_filter_datetime`` Form Type, renders a datetime field,
* ``Sonata\DoctrineORMAdminBundle\Filter\DateTimeRangeFilter``: depends on the ``sonata_type_filter_datetime_range`` Form Type, renders a 2 datetime fields,
* ``Sonata\DoctrineORMAdminBundle\Filter\ClassFilter``: depends on the ``sonata_type_filter_default`` Form type, renders a choice list field.

> * ``Sonata\DoctrineORMAdminBundle\Filter\EmptyFieldFilter``: depends on the ``sonata_type_filter_default`` Form type, renders a choice list field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Sonata\DoctrineORMAdminBundle\Filter\EmptyFieldFilter``: depends on the ``Sonata\AdminBundle\Form\Type\Filter\DefaultType`` Form type, renders a choice list field.
```
